[yells]
- No, don't!
- [gasps]
- Even if you sever that thread,
the silver-scale curse
won't be lifted.
- What?!
- The curse
embodies Lady Zero's regrets.
Unless you lift these regrets
from her, you cannot save her.
Save Towa and Lady Zero,
I beg of you.
Setsuna...
deliver this to Towa.
- Quickly now!
Follow that thread to Towa!
[thread chimes]
- [snarls]
- How dare you go poking around
my memories?
I'll kill you for that!
- Listen! As hateful as she is,
the Madam is still connected to
your mother by a thread of fate!
- Towa, I,
the great demon Zero...
will now send you to hell.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Zero's Wish."
- Come on, then.
Try and kill me, Towa!
What are you waiting for?
[Riku grunting]
- Out of my way, Riku! Now!
- [screams]
- Riku!
- [grunts]
[yells]
[dragon growls]
[grunts]
[scoffs] No damage at all?
[yells]
There's no end to it like this.
Then we'll try something else!
[panting]
- Playtime is over! Hah!
- [yells]
- Hah!
Stay put, will you?!
- [yells]
Cursed brat!
- Say your prayers, Zero!
- Enough of this!
- [yells]
[web creaks]
- [laughs]
You'll have to do better
than that to defeat me.
Ah, I know.
I have just the thing.
- [growls]
ZERO: Do you know who it was
that ordered Homura to burn down
the forest you lived in,
thereby bringing despair
to you and your sister?
It was me.
- What did you say?
- Don't listen!
Don't let her provoke you,
Lady Towa!
- If it hadn't been for me,
Setsuna wouldn't
have lived her life
forgetting you ever existed.
- [gasps]
[screams]
- I don't get it.
How come I'm the one
who has to take you
to the Tree of Ages?
- You should be grateful!
It's a great honor!
- Don't forget I'm the one
who has to carry you.
I sure hope
I'm getting paid for this.
- How can you be so petty?
This is a crisis!
- Seriously, what is going on?
- At the rate
it's progressing,
the silver-scale curse
will soon kill Rin.
- Wait, Rin,
as in Towa and Setsuna's mom?
Things are as bad as that?
- Hey! We're here!
- Eh?
JAKEN: Where's Lord Sesshomaru?
I thought he'd be back by now.
Rin! It's me!
I'm back! How are yo--
[groans]
Ohh! My head.
What the devil?
[growls]
- [thump]
- Uhh!
[groans]
- No offense, but are you sure
that's the way to get in?
- Of course!
I've done it before!
Tree of Ages, it is I, Jaken.
You usually let me
come in, remember?
- He's making this up
as he goes along.
- You would question the word
of a great demon such as myself?
- I don't know about "great."
- Yeah, heightwise,
you're not that great at all.
- Height has nothing to do
with greatness!
Anyway, I'm a lot taller
than you are, little pipsqueak,
so just--just shut up!
- Damn you, Zero!
[animal howls]
ZERO: That's right. More. More!
Let the flames of rage
consume you.
My Lord.
Now let us bring this to an end!
You shall know what it's like
to feel the power
of a great demon!
- Lady Towa, stop!
If you kill Madam now
out of blind rage and hatred,
you will be scarred
for the rest of your life!
And she will live on in your
memories until the very end.
That is what she wants!
- The reason Zero
hates half demons so much
is because she still regrets
what happened the day I died.
It comes from her love for
her younger brother Kirinmaru,
my father, and her desire
to protect him.
If it were possible to free her
from her sense of regret
and bring her peace...
- Go on! Strike at me
with all the hatred and rage
that's burning within you!
- [grunts]
- [yells]
- [animal howls]
- Lady Towa!
- [gasps]
- No, Towa! Don't!
- [grunts]
[Zero gasps]
[wind blowing]
KIRINMARU: Windmill of Time,
why am I not the one
chosen by the ages?
Why do you continue to reject me
when I am the strongest demon?
[pinwheel clicking]
[gasps]
The sound of a pinwheel.
Could it be?
Akuru!
[Jaken panting]
All right, here I come.
[groaning]
- This is
really painful to watch.
- Yeah, you might want
to consider calling it quits.
- Oh! Lord Sesshomaru!
- Moroha.
- Yeah?
- You might want this.
- [grunts]
What is this? A black pearl?
- Inuyasha and Kagome
are within that pearl.
- What? So my mom and dad are--
They're still alive?
- Yes! And you
should know it was my idea
to seal them in the Black Pearl!
Left to their own devices,
Inuyasha and Kagome
might well have defeated
Kirinmaru and killed Zero!
- What would've been the problem
with taking them out?
Kirinmaru and Zero are
the bad guys here, aren't they?
- You fool!
The instant that Zero dies,
then Rin will die as well!
SESSHOMARU: Jaken!
- [gasps] Forgive me.
I talk too much.
[gasps] Wait!
Wait for me!
Lord Sessho--Uhh!
[groans]
- Hmm.
[pearl hums]
[tense music playing]
- [shudders]
[gasps]
Setsuna!
- Please, Towa,
you must stay calm.
- Don't get in my way!
Stand aside!
- I will not!
- The half-demon sisters
are reunited.
How perfect.
I can eliminate
both of you at once.
- If you slay Zero now,
our mother Rin will die!
- Let her die!
I don't care anymore!
The only thing I care about
is making Zero pay!
[slap echoing]
[gasps] You wouldn't know
what it's like
to suffer the way I have!
'Course not!
You had your happy life
to live all these years!
You forgot that I even existed!
[gasps]
- Towa, this right here
is a memory of mine
that our mother sealed away.
- A Dream Butterfly.
[young] It's okay.
Just follow me.
Come on! Faster!
[animals grunting]
- Don't leave me, Sis!
- [gasping]
Setsuna?
Setsuna!
- You came back!
- Are you okay? I'm sorry
I ran ahead like that.
- [gasps]
Sis, get out of the way!
[gasps]
[screams]
[yelps]
Towa!
Sis, where are you?!
Where have you gone, Sis?!
Towa! Towa!
[music playing]
[shudders]
Where did you go? Where are you?
Sis. Towa. Where are...
[gasps]
JAKEN: Setsuna?
Setsuna.
- [gasps]
[screams]
- Ah, thank goodness
you're all right, child.
Wait, where's Towa?
Isn't she with you?
- [gasps]
No, she--
she just disappeared.
I don't know where she is.
[crying]
It was my fault!
I didn't run fast enough
to keep up with her,
so she disappeared
and left me all alone!
- Right.
Don't you move from this spot.
Jaken, Jaken!
Come forth, barrier,
and make yourself known!
[panting]
I'm sorry, Rin.
Zero somehow found out
where the girls were hiding,
and she burnt down
the Sealed Forest!
But don't you worry!
I, Jaken, will make sure
that Setsuna's taken
to a safe place.
I've lost track of Towa
at the moment,
but I'll soon find her again,
and when I do--
[yelps]
The silver scale is spreading?!
But why?!
- To stop the curse,
you must permanently freeze
this woman's flow of time.
- Are you the Tree of Ages?
- Use the Dream Butterfly
to bring dreams to her.
Have someone close to the woman
act as its host
- while it grows to maturity.
- [Setsuna crying] Sis...
please come back.
[crying]
[gasping]
Where am I?
- JAKEN: You there.
- Huh?
- [gasps]
- JAKEN: Little girl. Hop on.
- What's the matter?
You need not fear me, child.
You can trust me. Come here.
RIN: I'm sorry, Setsuna.
I thought you were too young
to bear such painful memories.
That's why
I kept them away from you.
Go to Towa and tell her...
just how much she means to you.
[Towa grunts]
- [stifles crying]
Towa...
I'm so sorry.
- [gasping]
Setsuna.
Setsuna!
- I'm here, Sis!
- I'm sorry, Setsuna,
for letting go of your hand!
I-I swear I won't ever
let go of you ever again!
- No, it wasn't your fault, Sis.
It was me. I'm sorry.
[both crying]
[Zero scoffs]
What are you waiting for?!
Strike me down, Towa!
- I have no grudge
against you anymore.
- What's that?
- It's thanks to you
I was able to regain
my bond with Setsuna.
With her, Papa Sota,
Mama Moe, Mei...
they were always there for me.
You made me realize
just how much they loved me.
Thanks, Zero.
- [gasps]
- It's because of you, Zero.
Thank you for that.
- [gasps]
[Jaken panting]
Well, Lord Sesshomaru,
how is she now?
[gasps] Oh, no!
The scales have almost
covered her entire body!
RIN: Towa. Setsuna.
- [growls]
I demand that you kill me! Now!
[flute plays]
- Zanseiken!
[grunts]
If you can see the thread
between them, cut it!
- All right, but Mother said
that won't save her.
- Save me? Really!
I don't want her pity.
- What should we do, then?
- [grunts]
- All right!
Then I'll drag your mother
with me to hell!
Madam! Don't do it! Stop!
- Please, you mustn't!
- Would she take her own life?
- [blade pulses]
- [gasps]
- [thread chiming]
[water rippling]
Is that...
- ...please don't
let that stop you
from being who you are,
Lady Zero.
SETSUNA: That's the one!
[yells]
- [gasps]
- [laughs]
[gasps]
[staff clatters]
[pearls chime]
ZERO: The Great Dog-Demon
will die?
No, I can't imagine
such a thing happening.
KIRINMARU:
I wouldn't put much stock
in the prophecy
of the Shikon Jewel.
But if you fear
for his life, Sister,
why don't you go and help him?
- Are you serious?
- TOWA: What is this?
- They're Zero's memories.
- ...me help
the Great Dog-Demon?
Absurd.
There's no way
that man could ever die.
RIKU: The Great Dog-Demon
is dead.
- How is that possible?
It can't be.
But we are demons.
Are we not fated
to journey an endless path,
destined to traverse
the edges of eternity itself?
I didn't protect him,
even though I knew his death
was foretold
by the Shikon Jewel.
I chose not to act.
I wanted to believe
in his strength.
I thought him
an invincible great demon.
I never imagined he could
be swayed by a human woman.
[pearls shatter]
[crying]
I was the only one
who could have saved him,
and I didn't.
It's as if I killed him myself.
No, I did kill him.
That's exactly what I did.
[gasps]
I thought I was through
with tears.
- You were wrong.
- [gasps]
- You really haven't
changed at all, Lady Zero.
- My Lord.
- Try as you might,
you'll always be you,
and I'm glad of that.
[laughs]
- My Lord.
- [gasps]
- [sighs]
So that's it. I see.
Towa, your strength comes
from being surrounded by love.
You are overflowing with love,
just like the Great Dog-Demon.
I despised you,
because I was jealous of you.
- [gasps]
- [chuckles] Setsuna...
I'm grateful
for what you've done.
- [gasps]
- You've untangled
the thread that bound my heart.
At long last,
I'm free of all the regrets
I carried in this world.
- [thread chimes]
- Is that thread...
- Tied to our mother?
- [gasping]
JAKEN: It won't be
much longer now.
She's almost
entirely covered in scales!
[thread chiming]
- Oh, dear.
I can't bear to watch.
[thread chimes]
What?!
- Aunt Zero!
- Will you please help the rest
of us stop my father, Kirinmaru,
from continuing
his senseless rampage?
- I'm sorry, Rion.
This is goodbye, I'm afraid.
- What?
- Riku!
[blade stabs]
[Rion gasps]
[both gasp]
RION: Aunt Zero!
[Riku shudders]
Please forgive me, Madam.
- You did the right thing.
Thank you, Riku.
- But why, Aunt Zero?!
- Half-Demon Princesses,
I have one last parting gift
to bestow on you.
Long ago, Rion was slain
by a half demon...
- The Emperor commands...
ZERO: and according
to the prophecy
- that you die, Kirinmaru!
- of the Shikon Jewel,
Kirinmaru will also be
killed by a half demon.
[warrior groans]
- That is the reason
why Kirinmaru despises them.
[Rion gasps]
KIRINMARU: I commend you
for your courage, at least.
- [warrior grunts]
- [wails]
ZERO: Rion!
- [gasps]
- Hold still!
ZERO: Rion!
Let go of her, half demon!
- Shut up!
You're going to pay
for what you did to my master!
- A warrior who takes hostages
is beneath contempt.
- [gasps]
[grunts]
KIRINMARU: No...
- [chuckles]
Guess that's what you get
for bringing a child
to the battlefield.
Forgive me, daughter.
The Dog-Demon of the West
said this would happen.
He was right.
I did this to you. [shudders]
I'm sorry, Rion.
Please forgive me.
ZERO: Dear brother...
these Half-Demon Princesses
are not the half demons
that you so despise.
Yes, the Shikon Jewel foretold
that you may someday
be felled by a half demon,
but these two
may be able to save you
or rather, save Rion.
Remember that.
- Save my daughter?
Rion, what are you
not satisfied with?
- I'll see you again...
in Nirvana.
- [crying]
Madam.
- [crying] Aunt Zero.
[both gasp]
- Flowers?
- [laughs]
If there exists a demon
so foolish as to
fall in love with a human,
then I guess I may be allowed
to fall in love with
such a demon, fool that I am.
Right, half-demon sisters?
[singing in Japanese]
[clunks]
- [sighs]
Lord Sesshomaru...
they've done it.
Our girls saved Lady Zero.
[Jaken crying] I'm so glad.
[Rin laughs]
[song continues]
- It's inappropriate
to speak ill of the dead,
but did you have to tell them
everything, Sister?
- [pinwheel clicking]
- [gasps]
- [sighs]
- I don't know
why you're even hesitating!
Your parents
are inside there, right?
- Yeah, but it's just that...
I don't wanna just suddenly
drop in on 'em out of the blue.
I wouldn't even know
what to say to them.
- Oh, stop thinking about it!
Who cares what you say to them?!
You've been dying to see them!
- [chuckles] It's weird,
when you always thought
you didn't have any parents,
to find out you were wrong.
Okay, I've decided!
If I run into them,
I'll roll the dice
and hope for the best!
Hmm?
Hello. Who are you?
Okay, that was random.
- Wait, did I miss something?
Who are you talking to?
- Huh? You didn't see
that little kid
with the pinwheel
go running by just now?
- As I thought...
- [both gasp]
- members of the Dog-Demon Clan
can see him.
MOROHA: That's...
Kirinmaru!
- Hah!
- [gasps]
- The Black Pearl that leads
to where his corpse lies.
- Kirinmaru, you bastard!
Give me that pearl back!
- The pinwheel
Akuru was carrying,
steal it and bring it to me,
or you will never see
your parents.
- Damn you!
- [laughing]
This Black Pearl is connected
to where the Great Dog-Demon
was laid to rest.
But now his half-demon son
and the priestess
who erased the Shikon Jewel
are sealed within it.
If you want this back,
quarter demon,
find Akuru and bring him to me.
Next time on Yashahime:
"Kirinmaru of the Dawn."
Windmill of Time,
take me to the world that lies
beyond space and time.
Let the Degenerate Age begin.